So, the fairness in the Navy, it, I have to say that the military is fair.
However, they have some intricacies that I have to say. So, for
instance, let's say the economy does poorly. Then the President is
to blame. Now, no one's going to say, well, "You know, President, you
are the one that caused that entire city to be downgraded." It wasn't
his job, you know, like, maybe it's the President before him. However,
he takes responsibility for it. So, there's a lot of responsibility
taking for things that you don't directly control but because
it was under your guidance, you are the one that, who people look to,
whether it was your fault or not. So, if for instance, my military
unit has many people that aren't physically fit, then they're going
to say, "Chief, what is wrong with your unit?" Now, I don't have any
excuse. I could say, well, "You know, I tell them to work out and
they just don't listen." I could grab them by the collar and like,
try to run with them but in the end, the people that are working for
you, it's their, it's under their cognizance and you just take responsibility
for it. So, is that fair? In many cases, you might not think
that it is fair but that's the system that we play by and as long
as you're familiar with those rules, then that kind of motivates you
to be more involved in the things that you're supervising, to make
sure that they go right.